Make Publish button configurable and add FilmDrop logo (#19)
Element84/filmdrop-ui: README.md

| REACT_APP_LOGO_ALT           | Alt image description for your custom logo                                                                                                                                                                                           | Optional |
| REACT_APP_DASHBOARD_BTN_URL  | URL for the Dashboard button at the top right of the UI. If not set, the button will not be visible.                                                                                                                                 | Optional |
| REACT_APP_ANALYZE_BTN_URL    | URL for the Analyze button at the bottom left of the UI. If not set, the button will not be visible.                                                                                                                                 | Optional |

> | REACT_APP_SHOW_PUBLISH_BTN   | Boolean for displaying the Publish button at the bottom left of the UI. Default is set to false.                                                                                                                                     | Optional |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| REACT_APP_SHOW_PUBLISH_BTN   | Flag for displaying the Publish button at the bottom left of the UI. Setting to `true` will display the button, any other value will not display the button. Default is to not display the button.                                                                                                                                     | Optional |
```
